for more than 40 hours Israeli soldiers
went house to house looking for suspects
leaving a trail of Destruction behind
them this happens every day in the
occupied West Bank but locking down tens
of thousands of people in their homes
for nearly two days is
unusual they stole cartons of cigarettes
and the money I need to pay the rent
they really trashed the store they
either sto stuff or destroyed stuff they
destroyed us they Destro
us some soldiers had time to Graffiti
walls with slogans from a West Jerusalem
football club notorious for its
far-right anti-arab fan
base residents say the Israelis were
looking for around a dozen fighters from
the noam's
Brigade its leader said after the raid
that the Israelis didn't find who they
were looking for and even if one of them
is assassinated others will take their
place
place during the raids the Israeli
military deliberately destroys homes and
buildings and digs up roads it's
Collective
punishment they burned and destroyed the
streets and tore down the door here more
than 30 soldiers came into my house and
on the roof as well they put us all in
one room and interrogated
[Music]
us 40 hours later the Israeli military
with its bulldozers and armored vehicles
pulled out of new Shams but they have
unfinished business here and they will
come back Bernard Smith Al jazer in the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer